you know daveed Diggs was here and he
was in Hamilton yeah I saw you and
wicked and he was fantastic yeah my kids
you see there's really great here come
we didn't see each other but there's
like the first time we're meeting no I
just bought tickets and went and I don't
know it never that never even occurred
to me I I'm glad because you're you know
I don't the cute guys would come
backstage and I'd be in green makeup and
I would just I like should I shower
really quick and meet him all like with
no makeup nor should I meet him with
green disgusting Josh sweating like that
was the decision everywhere the cute
guys that came back to who do you think
came and diesel but the one actually the
one was a the one that never came back
until I was just her um but when I
always dreamed of coming back was Matt
Damon and I know I'm sorry I'm sorry
this is my ex money so it comes full
circle so I was in London doing wicked
right and um all my friends in the cast
knew that I had this like movie star
crush on Matt Davis but every night they
say Matt Damon's in the audience tonight
so I'd like hit the high note for Matt
Damon and he was never there
yeah and then finally one night they
said he really is and we're not lying
and it turned out hooked so afterwards I
get the green off I want to look pretty
to meet him turn to he got the tickets
for his mom and dad not what a son of I
mean yeah I mean yeah not he was doing a
movie in London or something so that's
why I thought maybe he really will come
in that young daughter at the time and
everything finally came he came
backstage and I got the green makeup off
and he's there with his wife and he
looked like he hated wicked he he just
seems so bored by it he was so sweet in
the daughter but he does seem to hey I
wonder if do you think he hated it
you think he hated me well you know he's
backstage right now waiting to get on
the show we could come we asked no I
don't want to put him on this spot
I know normally do this but did you hate
wicked I'm really I'm kind of hurt by
this I loved wicked you did I'm and I
loved Adina in it and I mean it was we
went back I was in London making a movie
lashes you in fact I'm so I think mad I
was so moved
now this is a great story but if we
don't really well actually don't have
time no no Jimmy Jimmy yeah
Adina's gonna sing Adina's new album is
called Audrina never gonna sing back
[Applause]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you enjoyed the
video hit subscribe and if you don't
click subscribe
this invisible hamster will die